CLOUDP-69083: added instruction on how to deploy on OpenShift (#168)
mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes-operator: README.md

If you update `spec.version` to a later version, consider setting `spec.featureCompatibilityVersion` to the current working MongoDB version to give yourself the option to downgrade if necessary. To learn more about feature compatibility, see [`setFeatureCompatibilityVersion`](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/command/setFeatureCompatibilityVersion/) in the MongoDB Manual.

### Deploying on OpenShift

> If you want to deploy the operator on OpenShift you will have to provide the environment variable `MANAGED_SECURITY_CONTEXT` set to `true` for both the mongodb container, the mongo container and the operator deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy the operator on OpenShift you will have to provide the environment variable `MANAGED_SECURITY_CONTEXT` set to `true` for both the mongodb and mongodb agent containers, as well as the operator deployment.
```

> See [here](deploy/crds/mongodb.com_v1_mongodb_openshift_cr.yaml) for an example of how to provide the variable for a ReplicaSet deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [here](deploy/crds/mongodb.com_v1_mongodb_openshift_cr.yaml) for an example of how to provide the required configuration for a MongoDB ReplicaSet.
```

I would avoid using works that mean something both in an out of a k8s context like Deployment here

> See [here](deploy/operator_openshift.yaml) for an example of how to provide the variable for the Operator deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [here](deploy/operator_openshift.yaml) for an example of how to configure the Operator deployment.
```
